(Episode 16)
Do you want some help?
Are you okay?
Only public law shall be like water, and justice shall flow like sewage.
And justice shall flow like sewage.
This was his first murder in a public place.
Did you get the security footage?
We're checking them right now.
But there weren't any near the back gate.
And there was no one in the church?
A woman said she saw a suspicious person.
We are asking her some questions.
Sun Woo and Min Young, you should go and listen.
Yes, sir.
He's getting bolder.
He doesn't seem to have been influenced by the situation.
He's meticulous.
He suggests his methods carefully...
as if he thinks of it as important as the killing itself.
The pool of blood is concentrated inside.
He must have covered him with cloth after he killed him.
I didn't see his face.
He had a hood on.
His head had been lowered too.
What made him look suspicious?
Something was off about him.
I tried to talk to him as he was a stranger who had come late at night.
But he just stayed there.
I asked him if he was okay,
but he just sat there.
Did he...
show any reactions when you talked to him?
That is...
It didn't seem like he was praying,
but he kept...
moving his fingers.
It looked like he was playing a piano.
He could have killed me, right?
Don't worry.
The police will be protecting you for a while.
Thank you.
The culprit doesn't kill random people.
He's only interested in people that he has decided as a target.
Yes. These victims must have been killed...
because of a similarity they had.
We need to find out what that is.
Yes, sir.
Excuse me,
but may I have a look at that?
Team Manager Kang, I was researching the victims' past,
and I found out that Father Han Sang Jin had been...
charged with child molestation a year ago.
Child molestation?
What happened?
Many devotees started a petition campaign,
and they submitted it to the court.
After that, the parents who had reported it dropped the charges,
and he was found innocent.
All right.
I will go back into my office first.
I need to check something.
Go with Min Young.
Yes, sir.
- Yes, Hyun Jun? - Nana.
I want to know if other victims had been charged for something.
It's urgent.
In that case, I'll research as fast as I can.
Okay.
I will start with Kang Joon Seob.
All right.
February 2015, he was charged with dating violence,
but he was found innocent.
Han Ju Young worked at a daycare center six years ago...
and was charged for assaulting a child which had resulted in death.
This isn't right.
Was she acquitted?
Wait... Wait.
This is a different case.
In 2013, she was charged with administration of...
methamphetamine and ecstasy with her friends.
She was sentenced to one year and a half of imprisonment...
and three years of probation for violating the law on drugs.
This might actually lead to something.
Lee Hyun Jae, the taxi driver, was charged with drunk driving.
And he was found innocent?
Yes, that's right.
He was found innocent during his trial four months ago.
All right. Thank you.
Team Manager Kang.
The victims have all been charged with a serious murder...
but have been found innocent.
Now we know...
the similarity that the victims had.
He was after the people...
who were found not guilty.
He didn't just put any stone into the victim's ear.
There is a pattern on it.
A pattern?
This is the pattern that was on the stone inside the victim's ear.
This is a "baraegi" pattern...
that was used to drive away evil spirits since Unified Silla.
- Baraegi? - Yes.
It's also referred to as "Yacha" or "goblin".
I know this too.
This is like a guardian that looks after the soul after death.
Yes, it was normally used as a talisman.
They put it on roof tiles and doorknobs of ancient monuments.
It's still being used on modern buildings as well.
That means that the culprit...
considers the victims as evil that he needs to conquer.
Yes.
He planned every moment...
of his murder carefully.
The culprit attacks the victim at once with a knife.
And then, he uses a blade to make sure they're dead.
He also leaves a symbolic sign.
Then, he covers the eyes of the victims.
In cases like these,
the culprit's emotions are excessively involved.
They tend to express the belief that they believe in.
That is why we need to focus on the fact that the culprit...
covered the face of the victims as if they were Lady Justice.
This is closely related...
to his job.
Lady Justice has its eyes covered...
which signifies that the law will be enforced...
regardless of social status and wealth.
But unlike other countries,
the Lady Justice in front of the Supreme Court in Korea...
doesn't have its eyes covered.
(We Should Cover the Eyes of Lady Justice Right Now!)
It seems like he's trying to express the unfairness...
of the judicial system in Korea.
The culprit, his family, or friends could have been a victim...
of a serious crime.
It's likely that the culprit is someone...
working for or near the judicial system.
Then we will cross reference the people working in the legal field...
and the victims who have been involved in assault cases...
in the past.
Even if we were right and he is working in the legal field,
he won't be noticeable.
The culprit knows...
that people don't really know who he is.
His normal features are the best shields...
that help him protect himself.
If the information we have gathered goes public,
the culprit will only gain more information.
Please make sure none of this information leaks.
We have to make sure...
this doesn't go public through the media.
If that happens, the culprit will...
think that he has overpowered the people by himself.
That confidence will only make him kill more.
This is Yoo Min Young speaking.
Okay.
Why, did something happen?
The culprit killed another person again.
This is the fifth victim.
It's a murder case from a year ago at a bus terminal.
A police was murdered...
after getting in a quarrel...
and a physical fight with a pedestrian.
The attacker Oh Jin Myung was found not guilty,
and he was released.
(Official documents regarding Oh Jin Myung's case)
There was a witness testifying...
that Oh Jin Myung's behavior was completely accidental.
Her name is Han Seo Ra.
Because of her crucial testament,
Oh Jin Myung was found not guilty.
We will go and find out.
- Please back us up. - Okay.
You have to see this right now.
Do you remember the murder of a taxi driver we reported yesterday?
It has been revealed that this case...
had a similar context as a vigilance murder...
like the homemaker murder case that was reported a week ago...
and the dentist murder case.
It is interesting...
that the victims all had court records...
of past cases that caused public rage.
It was revealed that they openly enjoyed normal life...
after they were all found not guilty...
from committing a felony.
People are saying the culprit is keeping justice for society...
when the law isn't doing that.
Every station is broadcasting this since the afternoon.
The culprit isn't...
our only opponent now.
We will go to Han Seo Ra right away.
One day, heavy rain will fall...
and all trash will be washed away.
This is a line from the movie "Taxi Driver".
People are even saying...
that the police gave the culprit an inside list of suspects.
Are you saying...
that someone leaked criminal records to the media?
We know for sure that someone is providing information to them.
Whoever that is,
that person must have free access to court records.
Why aren't the culprits contacting the media?
Culprits like this usually want...
to be praised of their work.
That might not be important to them right now.
They are still executing their plan right now.
They are going crazy for this imaginary role...
such as "judge of justice" and "cleaner of the streets"...
that people are calling them.
I will find some media records...
of controversial cases that were ruled non-guilty.
I might be able to point out victims...
before the culprits do.
Team Manager Kang, you need to see this first.
About an hour ago, we started to receive calls regarding information.
It is more serious than we expected.
I have some information.
What should I do to give this information to the murderer?
Why are the police trying so hard to catch someone like this?
Are you jealous because they are more competent than you are?
Help Min Young to find out...
who leaked the information to the media.
Nana, please find out who released this first, and report right away.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
Let me go.
Are you okay?
- Don't move. - Let go.
Don't move!
Let me go!
Stop.
Let me go.
No.
Gong Hyung Kyu, 34 years old.
He works as a private security guard at a bank.
He was robbed last year,
so he received intensive care.
I think he started acting strangely from that time.
He fits our profile.
How is it going?
He confessed every crime just now.
Why did you kill...
Han Seo Ra when she has no relation to you?
She deserved to die.
Why do you think so?
She received money to testify.
If she didn't do a dirty deed like that,
that man who killed an innocent police...
wouldn't have been released.
It is not your position to decide.
He lived a perfectly normal life...
after committing an unforgivable crime...
and even boasted about it like it was a heroic episode.
This world is...
full of people who deserve to die.
If you don't demonstrate like this,
people will suffer again one day.
It sounds...
like you are completely innocent.
I did what I had to do. It was obvious.
What did the taxi driver do wrong?
He ruined a family.
He was drinking and driving.
What about Han Sang Jin?
He's not even human.
He violated children that were like his daughter.
He used their religion as a bait.
Is that why you stabbed his heart?
I regret killing him so simply...
when I think of those children.
I should have ripped him into pieces...
and choked him to give him pain.
Stop.
I'll leave him to you.
Gong Hyung Kyu.
Were you that desperate to become a star?
Or...
did you just kill everyone because this was the chance to do so?
Come back to your senses.
You're going to regret imitating them mindlessly.
Every one of the people I killed...
all deserved to die.
I did everything. It was me.
Me.
Gong Hyung Kyu is not related to any of the other victims.
I could provoke Han Gi Eun, who is the reporter who first reported it.
He reported articles daily like it was an exclusive coverage.
We could attract the culprit from that.
- Let's meet him right away. - Okay.
I searched the five victims that were killed by the culprit.
There weren't any overlapping points...
in the police who arrested them,
public defender, and prosecutor.
But it's confirmed that all of the victims' cases were handled...
at the Seoul Eastern District Court.
Okay, thank you.
The NCI came to ask help from me.
Our team manager was busy, so we came here instead.
Team Manager Kang Ki Hyung?
It's such an honor.
He was on the high roll once.
It was even hard to get an interview with him.
You also won't get one from him now.
Really?
You must be really busy these days.
We also are as you can see.
Reporter Han.
("The cleaner of the streets who took over the city")
You reported this case...
faster than anybody else.
You were even faster than the police sometimes.
Where did you get the information?
Shouldn't you be faster than the investigation...
if you're a good reporter?
I can help you if you want.
But I will have to meet Team Manager Kang in person.
We need to ask some questions.
Please answer if you have anything that comes to mind.
The culprit would have been usually quiet,
but would have displayed behavior that stands out when in stress.
Look at these papers.
It would be easier to find someone who's not like that here.
Wherever he is, he's not noticeable.
He will be like a ghost.
But he knows specific things about cases.
He would have constant access to crimes in any way.
It's highly possible that he gets angry about crimes while he works.
If you talk about the well-known crimes committed by vigilantes,
the culprit will have a lenient perspective.
But he won't bring it up.
Do you want an honest answer from me?
This is a place where people dealing with crimes work all day.
They won't be able to commit murder,
but they would all want to punish those who have...
better lives than us although they have committed crimes.
Most of the people will have to protect the culprits here.
Goodbye.
(The Court Clerk)
How did you come up with the hypothesis that it's a vigilante?
The culprit ensures the safety of the people.
The safety of the people?
To be honest, it's true that the police can't protect us.
The police can't establish justice in the society...
which is why the culprit is doing it himself.
Do you mean to say that the culprit charged with murder is a hero?
People see things differently, don't they?
We need to hear more from you about the victims.
Here.
This woman...
was involved in a trivial case.
Everyone was fooled by the lawyer in the participatory trial...
when he said that addiction is also an illness.
And this man bought the victim's family with money.
He had beaten up the woman he was living with.
He got tattoos all over her body with his name.
But he was found not guilty.
How about Lee Hyun Jae?
It was drunk driving.
It was a tragedy,
but it can happen to anyone.
How about the culprit we are looking for?
What do you think has happened to him in the past?
The culprit...
must have been involved in a serious crime.
He would have been a victim.
It would have been more serious than we think.
Is that...
why you think of him as a hero?
Well.
Nowadays, we accept even the strangest things.
It's true that the world has become insane.
No one can survive it in their right minds.
This picture was not made public by the media.
This could make you a little uncomfortable.
I'm accustomed to pictures from crime scenes.
That's where we are stuck.
Did he put that in to kill him effectively,
or is it symbolic?
It's interesting.
If it were you, why would you...
stab someone's ear with a stone?
Are you really asking this because you need my help?
You made him...
into a hero with ease.
So...
What is it you want to say?
Do you know...
that the emotions you experience through serial killers...
are no different from killing?
In fact, you would not have wanted him to be caught for a while.
What happens to others is none of your business, right?
What are you doing?
If that's not the case, help us find the culprit.
That's what you should really do.
Please cooperate with us.
There has been an incident at this court.
But these documents are little strange.
The trial records of the victim, Lee Hyun Jae, is missing.
Yes. According to the order,
there should be documents from February 2017.
We should look into it.
Excuse me.
Yes?
Can you take a look at this?
Why can't we see records from here?
It's because the court stenographer hasn't interpreted it yet.
Stenographer?
We're also having trouble because it's being delayed.
We did have a lot of work, but he's on sick leaves often,
and the interpretation work has been delayed...
by 3 to 6 months.
(Personal Information)
(Pictures from the Crime Scene)
The victims have all been charged with a serious murder,
but have been found innocent.
It's likely that the culprit is someone...
working for or near the judicial system.
He kept...
He kept moving his fingers.
It looked like he was playing a piano.
Yes, Team Manager Kang.
Can you look into the stenographer who was in charge...
of the records of the victims' cases?
Yes, I will.
Stenographer?
It's someone who's in the court...
and knows every specific details about the case.
Then that movement...
He kept moving his fingers.
As he records violent and terrible crimes every day,
he could feel like he was the one delivering the judgement.
That could have been what intensified the trauma.
Stenographers in the court are like ghosts in the court.
They just record the testimonies of the court all day.
Where is he now?
He should be in courtroom 412 now.
That's the room we had visited.
(The Court Clerk)
He would have heard everything.
The stenographer in charge of the the victims' cases...
is Jung Do Il.
Find out if he was involved in any serious crimes in the past.
In 2001, his family died...
as a result of burglary.
He was only 15 years old then,
and he was the only survivor.
We're from NCI.
Is the stenographer in charge of this case called Jung Do Il?
No, he took a sick leave and went home.
He must have found out that we're after him.
- Nana. - Yes, Hyun Jun?
Send us the address of Jung Do Il.
Okay, I'll send it right away.
Team Manager Kang, his phone is turned off.
Do you think he went home?
Find out which case it was...
that he finished interpreting recently.
Jung Do Il will try to do his job...
until the end.
We need to find the victim that...
he's after before he does.
Jung Do Il, this is the police! Open the door.
Do you think he wanted to prevent someone coming from outside?
Jung Dong Il sat in court...
and wrote in shorthand every day.
It must be that from one point,
he couldn't stop talking...
even outside the court.
Apparently, he kept mumbling even in the cathedral.
He must have been compulsive,
and suffered from horrible auditory hallucinations.
This must be what...
the stone in the ears meant.
He wanted to return...
the pain he'd suffered to the victims.
- Yes. - Team Manager Kang.
I'm looking through Jung Do Il's last shorthand court notes.
But none of the transcriptions for recent victims...
are up yet.
It's probably because the situation has changed.
Now Jung Do Il, himself,
had to reach a verdict.
That's the only photo.
His clock stopped ticking after that day.
This is his parents' life insurance certificate.
He didn't even collect the benefits.
Yes.
I found the killer's past records.
Jung Do Il's father, Jung Hyung Soo,
was a professor who taught folklore.
The murderer at the time...
was a student of his, Oh Kyeung Sub.
But...
at the time Oh Kyeung Sub's blood alcohol level was 0.25 percent.
He claimed that Jung Hyung Soo had abused him for years,
and suffered from psychological damages as a result.
He was sentenced to only 10 years.
And then, the sentence was reduced to seven years.
Oh Kyeung Sub became religious after being released from jail.
Right now,
he's abroad doing missionary work.
Team Manager Kang.
Does this mean he had this many people to kill?
He probably thought...
there was no stopping once he'd started.
The keyboard is so worn out that the letters are erased.
I can't understand what this means at all.
This is an older version of the shorthand keyboard.
In this case, stenographers use 36 letter and number keys...
to type as if playing harmonies on the piano.
Depending on the stenographer,
some even have their own secret codes.
Court stenographers in particular...
mostly have their own unique system.
So other people can't decode it.
Jung Do Il...
probably knows that we're looking for him right now.
Where could he be?
We have to go inside his brain...
and find out.
There has to be an answer in here.
Condense the list to felons who were found not guilty.
Considering how serious Jung Do Il's murders are becoming,
we should focus on violent crimes.
Wouldn't it be faster to start with the most recent cases?
Jung Do Il has a neurotic compulsion disorder.
People like him go to the very beginning...
to move onto the next job.
So we still have to rummage through all of this.
Book bands.
He marked it this way.
The traces are still here.
Jung Do Il already knew that we'd be here.
If he got rid of the book bands...
to get rid of evidence or to stop us from finding him...
I have to look more into this.
Nana.
Yes, Hyun Jun. What can I do for you?
Check court records for the dates I'm about to tell you.
May 21, 2011,
January 10, 2009,
September 24, 2014.
Wait.
Wait a moment.
I remember.
It's the dates of the victims' rulings.
How many pages are there?
I found it.
In the court records of the dates you gave me,
the five victims are included.
They must be in here.
Wait.
There's a murder case similar...
to that of Jung Do Il's family.
It happened in 2008.
Hwang In Chul who was in high school at the time...
murdered his own parents.
He claimed to have suffered domestic abuse for a long time...
and became mentally ill as a result.
He was found not guilty and let go.
I found it.
This was hidden in between the drawers.
Jung Do Il's family was murdered...
by one of his father's students.
He must have thought that Hwang In Chul, who killed his parents,
needed a new verdict after being found not guilty.
The person you are trying to reach is not available.
Hwang In Chul isn't picking up.
And his wife Kang Ji Yeon is still on the line.
Request emergency backup to the local police station.
Okay.
But I still bought it.
He deserves to die. Kill him. Kill him.
Okay. Hurry home.
(Emergency situation)
- Hello? - I'm Kang Ki Young from the NCI.
Is Hwang In Chul home?
He's not home right now.
What is this about?
Where are you right now?
I was just on the phone with you.
I'm in front of the house.
Honey, wait.
No, that's not it.
I'll kill you.
In Chul!
Don't come!
I'm going to kill him.
Let me go. He's my husband!
- Let me go! - Don't come near me.
In Chul! Mister, help me.
Help me!
Do you see all those people?
Tell everyone here.
How did you kill your parents again?
He's my husband!
Tell everyone that you shamelessly lied to them.
Tell them.
I already...
said everything then.
- No! - Calm down.
They kept hitting me.
I had no choice!
Don't lie to me!
You repeatedly abused your parents.
Because of drugs, right?
You sold drugs!
And you still call yourself a son.
Your mom had to lie...
and say she did it instead of you.
She never knew her son would kill her.
Devils like you should never have been born.
Let me go!
I'll go talk to him.
He's too agitated.
It's dangerous.
We should still try.
Come with me.
Don't come here!
I'm not interested in you guys.
Jung Do Il,
let that go.
No. I'm going to kill him.
No, you can't!
Do you think he deserves to die?
He should have died years ago.
He killed his parents, but he's still here!
I think so too.
But it's not up to us...
to kill him or let him live.
You think...
a person like this deserves to live?
Jung Do Il.
We'll redo the whole investigation on the crime he committed.
I promise.
No.
No!
It's up to me to punish guys like this.
Get out of my way.
I'm going to kill him and kill myself too!
Records show that Jung Do Il repeatedly requested to meet...
the murderer who killed his parents.
And the murderer Oh Kyeung Sub only allowed it once...
until he was released.
Then you will forever...
lose the chance to find out the truth.
Why did Oh Kyeung Sub...
do that to your family? For what reason?
That doesn't matter anymore.
They were released because of all of you here.
I'm sorry.
Please forgive me.
Forgive you?
I repented to god.
The lord forgave me.
I received forgiveness, and I atoned.
Please don't come visit me.
Only the lord can punish me.
Hey.
Hey. What are you saying?
Hey!
Forgiveness?
Says who?
Says who? Says who?
Don't kid yourself.
It's not the almighty who forgives.
Only public law shall be like water, and justice shall flow like sewage.
Only!
Only my judgement is the truth.
Please don't kill me.
Don't kill him!
Let go! Let me go!
My son...
She's pregnant with our child.
No, it's too dangerous.
Don't kill him. Please!
Why you...
- Oh my gosh! - Goodness.
- No! - Goodness.
Jung Do Il.
Jung Do Il!
An ambulance! Bring an ambulance.
Breathe. Breathe!
I...
I just couldn't believe it.
I couldn't believe that he was fine living his life...
after doing something so horrible like that.
Jung Do Il.
Jung Do Il!
Are you okay?
This is judgement by justice.
No!
- Let go! - Hey!
- You! - Take him!
Let me go!
- Ambulance! - No!
No!
Let go!
- Ambulance! - No!
- Ambulance! - What do I do!
No!
"I am against violence..."
"because even if it seems to serve a greater good,"
"it in itself is only temporary."
"As long as violence exists, evil will persist forever."
Gandhi.
What do you think about the recent incident?
He deserved to die.
I think violent criminals...
deserve to suffer through the same thing.
I would have done the same thing.
To be honest, the reality is that you can't trust the law.
This is terrifying. What do I tell my children?
I have no idea.
Still, murder is wrong.
He's a murderer.
He was executed in his own way.
In some way, he's a hero.
Didn't the police shoot him on purpose?
I read online that...
he was shot dead because they thought he'd be found guilty.
Yes.
Do you think Hwang In Chul's murderer will get a jail sentence?
He had no relations to Hwang In Chul.
He was only a copycat killer...
who empathized with Jung Do Il.
I think the media is steering this case into a weird direction.
I was spooked watching the street interviews.
The law can't do its job, so the world is going insane.
To be honest, even I...
have frequent moments when I want to use my fist instead of the law.
The public must feel more so.
The problem is that he crossed a line he shouldn't have crossed.
Do you want to go for a drink?
Sure, let's.
(Seoul Station)
It's not too heavy? You're okay?
That's good.
Yes, Team Manager Kang.
The trip was nice.
The food was good, and our hotel was comfortable.
The kids?
- Auntie. - Yes.
Why are those guys sleeping there? They don't have a home?
Well,
they might not have a home,
or they might not be able to go into their home.
Why can't they go home?
Well, I'm not sure.
Oh, right! We were going to get some food, right?
Shall we?
I'm so hungry. Let's go.
Kids, here's some pasta. Eat this.
Okay.
Good times.
Min Young, you've been surfing on the web this whole time.
What's going on?
My landlord is talking about my lease.
I feel like it might be better to just buy my own house these days.
You'll sign your name, but the bank owns your house.
That's pointless.
Min Young,
I've been working too hard these days.
All I have is my looks and money.
But I don't have anything to spend it on.
I don't have a husband to feed,
or cute children.
This is all for Ha Eun's sake.
How much do you need?
How much?
Thanks, but I can't.
Min Young, life is all about timing.
Being too square is a shortcut to suffering.
Life isn't much.
You help each other out,
rely on one another, and make each other uncomfortable at times.
I told you. All I have is money.
Oh, and my looks too.
Han Byul, give me some too.
Hey, lady.
- What? - Come here.
What's up with her?
Well, he's just...
No, that's not it.
You...
My bad.
Hey, lady.
- What? - Come here.
What's up with her?
Well, he's just...
No, that's not it.
You...
My bad.
National house prices have surpassed...
the average of 300,000 dollars for the first time ver.
According to the Bank of Korea,
the average of house prices, including those of apartments,
and houses was 330,000 dollars this month.
- Compared to last year... - The place is so well decorated.
This place must be expensive. Right?
But can you work here?
How is it? You like this place?
It is quite special,
but I've never been to a place like this.
Should we have dinner first?
There's food?
I feel funny.
You're fine.
You'll feel better.
No, but my head really hurts.
You'll feel happy.
Are you sure you didn't drug my drink?
You must have.
Where are you going?
(Top one percent land for the one percent!)
(Submissions over)
Daedong Dream Village's biggest strength is how efficient...
the space is in consideration to how people move around.
The space feels much bigger than it actually is.
You can tell after seeing it, right?
This size is most popular these days, right?
- Yes. - Take your time.
It would be so nice if the kitchen always looked like this.
Exactly. I'm sick of cleaning up.
But look at how real the props look.
They put so much care into arranging showrooms these days.
This isn't fake.
- Really? - No.
(Lee Jin Hee)
A woman was found murdered at a showroom for Dream Village...
in Moktan, Gyeonggi Province.
The victim's name is Lee Jin Hee. She's 26 years old.
She worked at a design firm.
And 24-year-old Yoo Ah Young.
Likewise, she was found dead in a showroom for Palace Town...
in Gaesun-dong, Seoul.
Both murders occurred in a showroom,
and the weapon use is similar too.
Considering the murder location,
either the killer abducted the victims,
or lured them there.
No traces of sexual assault were found.
According the police report,
the killer used utensils in the kitchen to cook and drink.
After watching TV,
he even put in bath bombs to take a bath...
as if that was his home.
Why would anyone do that in a showroom?
A showroom...
is the manifestation of the perfect home.
The killer may obsess over such fantasies and ideals.
Sun Woo and Hyun Jun, go take a look at the crime scene.
Nana, look closely...
into if there were any similar cases in the past.
We can go through the records from the first murder.
- Yes. - Okay.
(Apartment construction approved)
Undigested food was found in the victim's stomach.
She ate here with the culprit.
The floors are clean without a single trace.
Something doesn't fit.
The showroom location...
may be the culprit's signature.
Save me!
It's likely that the culprit worked on construction sites.
He's probably finding his own way through the murders.
Then the pattern may accelerate.
Don't kill me.
I haven't even started.
He won't give up on his fantasies.
So he will kill again.